= Ruby/AWS - A Ruby interface to the Amazon Associates Web Services API.
 
== Introduction
 
 Ruby/AWS is a Ruby language library that allows programmatic access to
 the popular Amazon Web sites via the AWS v4 API. It is the successor to the
 now obsolete Ruby/Amazon.

 In addition to the original
 amazon.com[http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/redirect-home/calibanorg-20]
 site, the local sites
 amazon.co.uk[http://www.amazon.co.uk/exec/obidos/redirect-home/caliban-21],
 amazon.de[http://www.amazon.de/exec/obidos/redirect-home/calibanorg0a-21],
 amazon.fr[http://www.amazon.fr/exec/obidos/redirect-home/caliban08-21],
 amazon.ca[http://www.amazon.ca/exec/obidos/redirect-home/caliban-20] and
 amazon.co.jp[http://www.amazon.co.jp/exec/obidos/redirect-home/calibanorg-20]
 are also supported.

 Although the library is still in development, the AWS v4 API is now more or
 less fully supported, with only tiny gaps in the functionality of some
 operations.

 The following operations are supported:

  BrowseNodeLookup
  CustomerContentLookup
  CustomerContentSearch
  Help
  ItemLookup
  ItemSearch
  ListLookup
  ListSearch
  SellerListingLookup
  SellerListingSearch
  SellerLookup
  SimilarityLookup
  TagLookup
  TransactionLookup

 Remote shopping-carts are also supported. This adds the following operations:

  CartCreate
  CartAdd
  CartModify
  CartClear
  CartGet
 
 In addition, multiple operations and batch requests are also supported.

 Ruby/AWS also offers advanced features not directly available in the AWS
 API, such as the ability to retrieve *all* results pages for a particular
 search, rather than having to manually deal with AWS responses of 10 results
 per page.

 You can also retrieve product images and optionally overlay them with
 percentage discount icons.

 Another advanced feature is the ability to cache responses returned by AWS.
 If the cache is used (as it is by default), the results of each unique
 query will be cached and used for 24 hours. The cache can be manually
 flushed of all or just the expired entries.

 One other useful advanced feature is the ability to determine the
 appropriate Amazon locale for a given client, based on its IP address or
 host name. This allows you to perform AWS operations using the correct
 geographical Amazon site for any given client. German and Austrian clients
 can be made to interact with amazon.de, British and Irish clients with
 amazon.co.uk, etc.


== Installation

 Please see the +INSTALL+ file supplied with the software for details of how 
 to install Ruby/AWS. You can choose between an installation script and a
 RubyGems[http://www.rubygems.org/] installation.

 Note, however, if choosing the gem installation, that whilst Ruby/AWS's
 RubyForge UNIX name is now ruby-aaws. The ruby-aws name was taken by
 {another project}[http://rubyforge.org/projects/ruby-aws/] and this clash
 prevented remote installation of the Ruby/AWS gem.


== Prerequisites

 Before you can use this library, you need to obtain an Amazon Web Services
 {access key
 ID}[https://aws-portal.amazon.com/gp/aws/developer/registration/index.html].

 You should also apply for an {Associates
 account}[http://docs.amazonwebservices.com/AWSECommerceService/2008-04-07/GSG/BecominganAssociate.html],
 although this isn't strictly necessary. If you do not explicitly provide an
 Associates tag in your calls through Ruby/AWS, the tag of the Ruby/AWS
 author will be used by default.

 
== See Also
 
 Ultimately, the way to get the most from this library is to read the AWS
 documentation to get a feel for what is possible, and then experiment with
 this library to see how the AWS calls are mapped into the Ruby world. You
 should also review this library's
 RDoc[http://www.ruby-doc.org/core/classes/RDoc.html]
 documentation[http://www.caliban.org/ruby/ruby-aws/] as well as the
 plain-text +README+ file that came with the archive.

 Additionally, there's a
 {mailing-list}[http://www.caliban.org/mailman/listinfo/ruby-aws] available,
 where you can discuss all Ruby/AWS-related subjects and issues.

 Please see the Amazon Web Services
 documentation[http://developer.amazonwebservices.com/connect/kbcategory.jspa?categoryID=5]
 for definitive information on the capabilities and inner workings of the AWS
 API.


== Download

 Version 0.4.4
=== {gzip'ed tar archive}[http://www.caliban.org/files/ruby/ruby-aws-0.4.4.tar.gz]
=== {Ruby Gem}[http://www.caliban.org/files/ruby/ruby-aaws-0.4.4.gem]
=== {Fedora 9 RPM}[http://www.caliban.org/files/redhat/RPMS/noarch/ruby-aws-0.4.4-1.fc9.noarch.rpm]
=== {Fedora 9 doc RPM}[http://www.caliban.org/files/redhat/RPMS/noarch/ruby-aws-doc-0.4.4-1.fc9.noarch.rpm]
=== {Fedora 9 source RPM}[http://www.caliban.org/files/redhat/SRPMS/ruby-aws-0.4.4-1.fc9.src.rpm]
 
 
 ---
 Author::   Ian Macdonald <mailto:ian@caliban.org>
 Version::  0.4.4
 Licence::  GPL[http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html]
